Add TLS docs page (#8346)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/base/tls.md

# TLS/SSL

-----

TLS/SSL is widely used to provide communications over a secure network. Many of the software that Datadog supports has features to allow TLS/SSL,
and thus the Datadog Agent may need to connect via TLS/SSL in order to get metrics.

## Getting Started

> Starting with Agent 7.24, checks that are TLS/SSL compatible should no longer manually create a raw `ssl.SSLContext`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Agent v7.24+, checks compatible with TLS/SSL should not manually create a raw `ssl.SSLContext`.
```

# TLS/SSL

-----

TLS/SSL is widely used to provide communications over a secure network. Many of the software that Datadog supports has features to allow TLS/SSL,
and thus the Datadog Agent may need to connect via TLS/SSL in order to get metrics.

## Getting Started
If the Agent is connecting to an integration with TLS/SSL, it will need to set configuration parameters in the `conf.yaml` file for the Agent to use.

### Configuration options:

> #### `tls_verify`

Author: Wasn't sure what the best way to represent config parameters in docs was or if there was a specific standardized way, so I just used to the information from the `instances: tls` template.

Reviewer 2: Hmm, while I get the sentiment I'm not sure we should be replicating this info from config specs template in here. Maybe we can just link to that template if readers want to have a closer look? This is basically user docs, so rather than documenting them in our own developer docs we should make sure that existing user-facing docs are as clear as possible.

So basically I think we can remove this whole section in favor of a link to the spec template. The `get_tls_context()` helper is much more interesting for devs in comparison. :)

#### `tls_cert`
    example: <CERT_PATH>
    type: string

    The path to a single file in PEM format containing a certificate as well as any
    number of CA certificates needed to establish the certificate's authenticity for
    use when connecting to services. It may also contain an unencrypted private key to use.
    Setting this implicitly sets `tls_verify` to true.

#### `tls_private_key`
    example: <PRIVATE_KEY_PATH>
    type: string

    The unencrypted private key to use for `tls_cert` when connecting to services. This is
    required if `tls_cert` is set and it does not already contain a private key.
    Setting this implicitly sets `tls_verify` to true.
    
#### `tls_private_key_password`
    example: <PRIVATE_KEY_PASSWORD>
    type: string

    Optional password to decrypt tls_private_key.
    Setting this implicitly sets `tls_verify` to true.
    
#### `tls_validate_hostname`
    example: true
    type: boolean

    Verifies that the server's cert hostname matches the one requested.

## TLS/SSL Context
Starting with Agent 7.24, checks that are TLS/SSL compatible should no longer manually create a raw `ssl.SSLContext`.

> Instead, check implementations should use [`get_tls_context()`](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/datadog_checks_base/datadog_checks/base/checks/base.py#L325)

Reviewer 2: Not sure if there's much value in linking to the code? We can always look it up on the repo, and the GitHub link might change.

That said I think we can add that this belongs to `AgentCheck` class (initially I thought this would be living as a separate util in eg `datadog_checks.base.util.tls`):

```suggestion
Instead, check implementations should use `AgentCheck.get_tls_context()`.
```

to obtain a TLS/SSL context. 
`get_tls_context()` allows a few optional parameters which may be helpful when developing integrations.

### Optional parameters
#### `refresh`
    type: bool

    Refresh the context by creating and replacing the current one.

#### `overrides`
    type: Dict[AnyStr, Any]

>     A dictionary containing TLS config parameters that will override the parameters in `conf.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: Can this be replaced by [`mkdocstrings`](https://github.com/pawamoy/mkdocstrings) usage…? (See examples in `http.md`, `databases.md` or `prometheus.md`)

```
::: datadog_checks.base.AgentCheck.get_tls_context
```

^Not sure if this will work, we might need to do this instead:

```
::: datadog_checks.base.AgentCheck
    selection:
      members:
        - get_tls_context
```

Reviewer 2: If the resulting docstring for `get_tls_context` ends up a bit terse, then we can consider expanding that instead of adding prose here, since the docstring will also be useful to code readers and contributors.
